UNDERWATER CYBORG:
    1) detect tsunami -- 500 pts
    2) heal dying animals -- 50 pts, click and hold for 10 sec. every animal has health bar.
    3) clean trash -- 10 pts , more trash deteriorate animal health, if animal
dye user lose point. Trash bar to show level of contamination. clean trash takes 2 sec. convert trash to biodegradable stuff.
    4) zap whale hunters & teleport them to police station-- 50 pts
    5) plant random tree under water -- 10 pts, power up fruit  and health
fruit also available
    6) fish can be saved within 1 min after shot, if fish die you lose point
    7) electric eel can zap the robot for 1 minute, make the robot look funny (put a voice bubble saying "wtf, I was just trying to help".
    8) health bar and energy bar 
    9) wrecked ships which contains relic for permanent upgrade.
    10) Levels of play. Tsunami at the end of each level.
    11) 3 types of guns to heal, shoot and convert trash. Using wrong gun will
have its consequences.
    12) multi-level game
	13) 9 screens map. 
	14) multi player.
    15) enemies: scuba-diver hunters, predator shark, small hunter-submarines,
ghosts inside the ship-wrecks.

	
New Attributes:
	Shooting Range
	Health Fruit
	
New Skill (needs cool down time):
	Shield (absorb 80 damage) (Achilles brest plate)
	Very strong bullet to damage one enemy(hercules bow)
	All enemies pushed back,Stun and knock (thor hammer)
	Move very fast, anyone on line will be damaged (hermes winged sandal)
	Freeze all enemies ( does not move and does not shoot )
	Group Damage.. like throwing a grenade.
	Enemy hypnotize. 1 enemy will shoot other enemies. (Aphrodite's Magic Girdle)

How to obtain skill:
 Poseidon reward for the good deed after end of level.
 In one of the chest inside shipwreck( put on a pedestal ) in the form of a relic of god, e.g. crown, sword, thor-hammer(push-back), hermes-wings(teleportaion) etc.
 
Script:
very first scene: dyning poseidon.
3 months earlier: 
Level 1: January Year 3012. Poseidon introduces himself, clean trash, can't shoot. He meets 
	Just 3 minion enemy shooting him. Target: clean all trash
Level 2: Poseidon gives him power to heal fish, and zap enemies. Target: Save at least 90% of fish.
Level 3: Poseidon warns him about the mutant shark. Ask him to kill it.
Level 4: Poseidon warns that the terminator is here, & he's trying to capture all the leopard sharks to make mutants out of them. Target: save at least 80% of leopard sharks.
Level 5: The terminator is creating havoc. He has managed to create another mutant shark. Poseidon wants to kill the terminator itself.	
Level 6: Big Boss.

villian cyborg.
extra intelligence.


Pending:
2D cut scenes, icons, menu, start scene background.
3D fish model completion.
3D model of enemies.
3D cyborg.
Sound ( take evil laugh from other game ).
Game Effect - water turbulance, black when an enemy dies.

experiance bar in right place.

toxic weapon,
hypnotize.

skill errors -- when u push, some of them are stuck.